a list of all of the good things you've done for me Lord I've never been one to complain but right now I'm lost but I can't find my way my worlds come up
is breaking my heart, but it helps to know your heart is breaking too.
When I cry, you cry.
When I hurt, you hurt.
When I've lost someone, it takes a piece of you too.
When I fall on my face,
For nothing breaks your heart What tears you apart like when I cry?
There's never been a time in my life Where so much has stayed There's so much to lose But I trust it to you You'll bring me through And it helps me to know That I'm not alone When I cry
When I hurt, you hurt When I lost someone It takes a piece of you too And when I fall on my face You fill me with grace That's nothing great so hard Or tells you apart Like when I cry
You want to make the blind to see You look through all of heaven and eternity And through it all you some be When I cry, you cry When I hurt, you hurt
And when I've lost someone, it takes a piece of you too.
When I fall on my face, you fill me with praise.
Nothing breaks your heart or tears you apart.
Like when I cry
song, beautiful, beautiful singing.
Good morning.
Well, we're all the people today.
They knew I'm going to preach and they left all of them.
They vanished.
Well, bless them all, vacation time, visitation time, seeing friends time.
We hope to see them back very soon.
Today is the last day as we worship the last or the final service of 2025.
Dear life's that.
And time to reflect about the past year.
And time so many people make resolutions.
And they look with hope to the future.
Today, what I'd like to cover with you by the will of God.
The past, the present, and the future.
Briefly.
so we can go home one time.
I want to read a couple of verses that are identical.
Romans 831 says, what then shall we say if God is with us who can be against us?
I have another version which I like and it says,
If God is on our side, who can ever be against us?
Looking backward, we have few days left from this year, and it's comforting to know how the Lord has dealt with us.
Reflections reminds us of what He the Lord has done.
And there are some questions that we should ask ourselves.
What am I most thankful for?
Did I live to honor him the past year?
Did I obey him when I clearly heard his voice?
Did I love him enough?
Did I support my church?
Was I a good representative of true Christianity?
We ponder and we review God's dealings with us and it's humbling and we should be very thankful.
When we read about the Prophet,
what he said to the nation of old.
Thus far, thus far, the Lord has helped us.
Didn't he?
We're all here.
Looking back on the past year, we remember people getting saved and a revival in the hearts of our family.
We also see growth in spirituality.
and in numbers.
We see God's power in answering prayers.
How many requests and supplications has he heard and answered individually and collectively?
We had ups, some ups, and we had downs, and thank God,
The ups were greater than the downs.
We had a couple of saints that went before us to glory.
We are blessed and thankful for God's keeping as we transit this wilderness.
Yes, we humbly acknowledge God's presence with us, and we give him all
their credits for his love, his mercy, and guidance on this journey.
Let's take courage and go on.
The past is God's, right?
The future is God's and his power is greater than all.
Now, this is what I want to spend some time looking in order.
We looked a little bit backward.
And we don't want to say it was a bad year.
No, not at all.
It's always a good year.
Looking inward, so many cannot handle facing their present life.
For them, the present is the norm for the future.
They don't want to move.
They say we've been living for a while in this mode and we need no change.
There's too many things to do to get better, so better stay the way we are.
Why rock the boat?
Why start anew?
Why the change?
And you hear them saying, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
They are saying what we have is the best.
We can't do any better.
So don't try to improve it.
Stay as you will or as you are.
They're stuck in their ways.
What an attitude.
It has been suggested that the mark of many church people today
is that they are chosen.
They are not chosen, but they are frozen.
What's the challenge there?
What should be done now?
We have many opportunities to seize.
The Bible says seize the opportunities before the Lord comes.
The Bible says in 2 Timothy 4, 2, Paul writing to Timothy.
He says, preach the word, be ready in Caesar and out of Caesar.
Now is the time.
to begin with what the future holds.
Someone wrote, the life of a Christian can be described in one of four ways as a journey, as a battle, as a pilgrimage,
and as a race, four things.
And the writer says, select your own metaphor.
But the necessity to finish is always the same in any of these categories.
For a flight,
is a journey.
It must be completed, right?
If life is a battle, it must be finished.
If life is a pilgrimage, it must be concluded.
And if life is a race, it must be won.
And we are in a race.
And we cannot give in to defeat.
We are more than conquerors, the Bible says, through him, not on our own, through him, who loved us.
And then what do we do?
What do we say to this?
Are we disturbed?
No.
By any change, not.
Are we afraid of the difficulties we are facing today, and we might face every day in the future?
Paul writes in Romans 831, if God is on our side, who can ever be against us?
If God is on our side.
How are we going to face the future?
We're looking within.
What are we going to do?
We don't know what's happening.
We don't know what's coming our way.
But if God is on our side, we can.
Who can be against us?
To those who are comfortable being stagnant, set in their ways, and are stuck
for almost good.
They're not willing to move.
They're not moving forward.
Compromise and stagnancy lead to defeat, my friends.
We follow a victorious leader whom we obey and move forward to win the race.
The Lord ordered his disciples.
Before he left, he got them all together.
Before he left, I said, go.
That's it.
Go.
Preach, teach, and baptize.
The word go.
is against stagnancy, the opposite of stagnancy.
The opposite in sitting, I know, or we know it's too difficult.
We are happy in our ways, and we keep it as is we pray that nothing will change.
We are living in a changing world.
Everything changes.
And so many times we catch ourselves saying, well, those were their good old days.
Things change.
And we have to acclimate ourselves to that.
And we have to accept the change.
And we are not alone.
As we said, if God is for us, who can be against us?
That's an encouraging word.
I want to encourage you this morning and let you know that God is with us.
When he sent his disciples to go, he said, go.
Go.
I'm courting the Bible.
Go and preach and teach.
And lo, I am with you.
for how long?
Can you tell me for how long?
Thank you.
Always.
I'm with you, always.
He didn't say, I'm with you as long as you behave.
No.
I'm with you for like 90% of my own thinking.
I'm with you for 90% care.
Will that work?
I'm with you in summer or winter.
No, he is with us all ways.
Suppose you're in a very bad mood and you lose it.
Is God with you?
Will he be with you?
I want to tell you when I got stuck on this one.
He said, when you don't love God that day, do you think God is still with you?
When you lose it with the family, if still God loves you.
Hey, disciples.
And these disciples did not say to the Lord, hey,
This is a great task.
We're not equipped to do it.
We did not go to theology school.
We are uneducated, bunch of fishermen.
One of them is a tax collector.
But they had the word of God.
I am with you always.
God,
Never lost a battle.
He never lost a war.
You're going to go.
You're going to face many difficulties, oppositions from everywhere.
I am always with you.
He didn't say, I'm with you most of the times.
No.
I am with you always.
Remember this.
This is the attitude that we should be in, that looking within, we have a new year coming.
And if we face that new year with a defeated attitude,
we might not win the race.
We win the race with Jesus Christ because he said, I am with you.
Don't let anything pull you down as looking within what I said and keep going.
The past and its failures shall not hinder
us at all.
Paul wrote to the Philippians, quoting, brethren, I do not count myself to have apprehended or arrived.
But one thing I do, forgetting things which are behind and reaching forward to those things which are.
Many people would like to live in the past.
And many people would like to say, well, an ugly year.
Forget about it.
We don't want to forget about it the past year.
Why?
Because we had many good experiences.
We had many good victories.
But we cannot live on that.
Thank God, and leave it there, and God will lead us into new victories and new life through Him who never left us.
Brethren, I do not count myself that I have arrived, but one thing I do, I forget what's behind.
But I am
I have learned and I will apply it for the next year.
We shall talk about it next Sunday.
I tell you, Church, I am convinced myself that relying on God and the direction of the Holy Spirit will guide us through rain or sunshine.
until we reach the eternal shore.
No matter what, we will go forward as long as his presence is with us.
This is what I thought about in my little office.
to bring your attention.
Let us not live in the past.
It's gone.
Have we learned some lessons?
Let's apply them for now.
Let's look within and see what kind of attitude I am going to look forward with.
The past is past.
The present, this is, I'm getting ready.
the future is coming and the Lord would have us to walk through, not without Him.
Remember, we are going to work with Him who is with us all the ways, all the ways.
Next week, we are going to look together at the challenges and the blessings ahead of us.
one important fact.
We need to realize, as Christians, believers in the Lord Jesus Christ as our Savior, we're not on the way to death.
Remember, we're not on the way to death.
Don't think of that.
Instead, through Christ, we are on the way
to an abundant life, to an eternal life, to life to be with the Lord Jesus Christ forever and ever.
The end is not six feet under.
We're looking as Dave Thompson told me once, he said, I am, he was 97 years old.
He said, I'm not looking for the undertaker, I'm looking for the upper ticker.
Let's continue serving as those who do believe and live so as to persuade others to believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is the only Savior, the only God, and He is the only way to salvation.
Let's do that.
And if there's someone here,
who doesn't know the Lord Jesus Christ as Savior.
I invite you.
It's scary to go through another year without the Lord Jesus Christ, without His presence.
It's scary.
So come to Jesus.
and He will save you and give you peace, eternal peace.
So when you look and say, I am going to look at our future, you look at the future with faith, with hope that you are going to live and see Him one day.
Remember, we are not looking for death.
We are looking to win the race.
Next week, we'll cover it.
And hopefully, all those who are traveling on vacation will be back.
And all of us will be here to come and honor God and live for him.
That's my message.
God bless you.
Have a happy New Year.
And see you next week, bright and let's buy our heads for a prayer.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you for allowing us to spend the last Sunday of the whole year of this year together in your house and help us, Lord, to be open-minded and face the coming year with an open heart, with joy knowing
that as long as you're with us, and your presence is with us, we shall reach the eternal shore.
Bless each and everyone, and thank you for each and every family.
Bless them, keep them healthy, and we pray that they will have a great and happy New Year.
Dismiss us, we pray in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Thank you for listening to me, and may God bless you.
Enjoy the new year.